docs: add papercuts screenshot (#32)
wevm/frog: .changeset/clean-houses-fail.md

---
"create-frog": patch
---

> Fixes incorrect url shown for `next` template at the completion of `create-frog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed incorrect url shown for `next` and `vercel` templates at the completion of `create-frog`.
```
